---
layout: form_letter
subject: Planned Parenthood
date: 2017-03-27
---

Thank you for contacting me about Planned Parenthood.  I appreciate you taking the time to share your views and comments with me.  It is important we have an honest and open discussion about women’s healthcare, as it remains one of my priorities in the 115th Congress.  But it is also important we distinguish between facts and fiction as we engage in this discussion.  One such example was [recently debunked](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/03/09/schumers-claim-that-millions-of-women-turn-to-planned-parenthood-for-mammograms/) by the Washington Post’s Fact Checker.

As part of my commitment to women’s health, I have supported services through a variety of legislative initiatives including increased funds for community health centers, improved access to maternity care, more resources for postpartum depression, and access to over-the-counter contraception for adult women.  While people of good faith differ on these issues, it’s important to treat each other with dignity and respect.  I also believe that, in difficult budgetary times, the federal government must carefully evaluate and review each program.

The seven total Planned Parenthood facilities in Virginia would still be allowed to receive private donations and fees for service; and public funding would still be available to the 237 clinics associated with the Virginia Association of Free & Charitable Clinics, the 70 community health centers, and the 35 individual health districts across the Commonwealth.  Each of these facilities provides a broad array of services for women.  Any proposal should guarantee our tax dollars be directed and provide appropriate transitionary resources to other women’s health facilities that are more prolific and closer to our constituents and provide a wide array of services—mammograms, pre- and post-natal care, vaccinations, and other preventative screenings and procedures.  Please be assured I will keep your thoughts in mind as we move forward, it is important that Congress maintains bipartisan support for women’s health programs.

Thank you again for contacting me.  It is a privilege to serve you in the Tenth District.  I may also be contacted at my Sterling office at [703-404-6903](tel:703-404-6903), or my Washington, D.C. office at [202-225-5136](202-225-5136).  By visiting [http://comstock.house.gov](http://comstock.house.gov), you can sign up to receive my email newsletters and follow my efforts to serve you.  You can also follow me on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/RepBarbaraComstock/) and [Twitter](https://twitter.com/RepComstock) for real-time updates on my activities in Congress and in the District.  If I may ever be of service, please do not hesitate to contact me.
